BLOG NAME: One Year Together
Sub: and more years to come

HTML Title: Happy 1st Anniversary

HEADER BUTTON/NAVIGATION:
Memories (Home Page)

MEMORIES:

MEMORY NAME:
DATE:
BODY:

0
MEMORY NAME: Bumble Days 🐝
DATE: November 1, 2022
BODY:
Thankful ako na nag-match tayo. Pero mas thankful ako na hindi natin pinush yung meet-ups, romantic intentions, at kung ano pa man na pwedeng maka-ruin noong time na yon.
Indeed, thank you for sticking around, for checking up on me kahit once a week lang, for being a good internet friend that time.
We were both exploring, learning from other people. And I'm happy it failed sa kanila, because we got the chance to make it right for us.
Ang ganda pa rin ng narrative mo though, "Kung kani-kanino pa napunta, sa first Bumble match lang pala babagsak."

1
MEMORY NAME: First Meet - Big Bad Wolf 2024 🐺
DATE: August 7, 2024
BODY: Just friends! HAHAHA! It wasn't that awkward pero thankful ako na we didn't try to make it into something else.
It was just two people meeting for the first time and enjoying each other's company. 👫
Although, yes, we did try to figure out if it could turn into something else, pero we both know we failed that time HAHAHA!
Siguro kasi hindi naman talaga totoo ang love at first sight.
I got your pasalubong from Italy. Thank you for that Dade. I've always like mythology and you somehow highlighted that through that souvenir kahit hindi mo sinasadya.
And then when we started watching the Harry Potter movies. 🎞️ <333

2
MEMORY NAME: First Manila International Book Fair 📚
DATE: September 11, 2024
BODY: Crush na isa't isa XD May kaunting tension na pero naghohold back pa rin. It was both our first time attending MIBF, and I'm thankful to have spent it with you.
Dagdag pa ang soft launch sa IG na nag-Jiang Nan 🍜 XD.
Pagod tayo non pero enjoy naman. Naalala ko non, hindi na lang ako sa MIBF na-excite, pero sayo na rin.
Binigay mo na sakin yung Coraline origami non, pero sa bus ko pa tinignan. Kilig ako non :D.

3
MEMORY NAME: Coraline in 3D 🕸️
DATE: September 27, 2024
BODY: Super aga mo non sa Gateway! HAHAHA! Grabe excitement mo non. Eto yung the night before hindi ka na makatulog, tapos ako naman nakakahinala na sa chat mo ("Can't wait to see you.").
Excited din ako neto kasi mabibigay ko na snacks na binili ko for your review. Then I get ketchup in return 🙄
I knew I liked you when I started considering you sa grocery hahahaha!
Tapos triny natin yung Krispy Kreme donut churros na hindi naman masarap HAHAHA
Pambawi na lang yung Big Scoop ice cream 🍨 na sinurprise mo kinabukasan sa Jollibee Cubao <3
Super lakas na ng tension non hahaha parang any time may bibigay na.

4
MEMORY NAME: Confession Night 🫣
DATE: September 29, 2024
BODY: Alam kong iba na nung nag-ask ka if pwede ako magtasa ng pencils mo for boards. Kuasap ko si Anj non, and sa usap namin, don na ako nagkaroon ng lakas ng loob na tanungin kung ano na bang nararamdaman mo.
Nakakastress pala mag-abang ng chat habang kumakabog na dibdib mo hahahaha Di ko pa ma-articulate nang maayos sarili ko nung gabi na yon. Kinailangan ko pa mag-long message kinabukasan HAHAHAHA
Parehas tayong nagkasundo na hindi tayo nagmamadali, and hindi rin tayo naghahanap agad ng label. Thankful ako na clear for us both during that time na we have feelings for each other and that we made it a point to say na we're exclusively dating.
Eventually, sinundan natin ng pumkpin spice Starbucks online date (na hindi na natin uulitin HAHAHAHA). It was so refreshing to have a moment with someone who likes you back.
Naalala ko pa na ambilis mo makauwi non, samantalang kalalabas ko pa lang ng CR?! HAHAHAHA

5
MEMORY NAME: Officially a Couple 👩🏽‍❤️‍👨🏽
DATE: October 26, 2024
BODY: Eto na HAHAHAHAHA ewan ko ba bakit ako na-provoke HAY IKAW KASI HAHAHAHA Alam mo na how this turned out.
Some might say it's coercion, I'd say it's just typical Megan. 😌
Pero fruitful naman. Look at where we are now.
Thank you sa lakas ng loob mo na umamin, for risking it. I hope you can see how it paid off.
I'm also glad we made it official on a randon night, yung walang kaagaw na atensyon ng ibang okasyon.
First I love you's din 'to hihihi

6
MEMORY NAME: First Date as an Official Couple 💕
DATE: November 13, 2024
BODY: First date as an official couple sa SM Pampanga! HAHAHAHA eto yung nagconfess na rin tayo kay Mama at pinagpaalam mo ako. I was running out of excuses and we both just wanted a way out.
Para na rin matasahan ko yung pencils mo.
Thank you for going along with our plan and for having the courage. It meant a lot to me.
We also had a cute picture together.
I had such a great time, being with you and just holding each other's hand. Yiieeee! HAHAHAHA
And just a simple kiss before parting (kasi ayaw mo pa chumansing nung nasa karaoke room tayo HAHAHA)

7
MEMORY NAME: First Kiss 💋 (makeout session talaga yun)
DATE: November 30, 2024
BODY: Sinundo mo ako sa may Mandaluyong para turuan ako paano mag-commute. Thank you dade. Sa mga times na ganyan binibigyan ko ako ng lakas ng loob to be able to do things on my own.
I'm very thankful for having someone like you as I navigate my new life in Metro Manila.
And eto na nga hehe after mag-SM at diretso sa condo para 🫣
Grabe ka talaga haaaaaaayyyyy~

8
MEMORY NAME: Yellow Cab sa Shaw 🍕
DATE: December 8, 2024
BODY: First time meeting your parents. I'm very thankful for a warm lunch with you and your family. It was just a wonder being in your family's presence.
Some people said na parang ambilis daw natin as a couple. Na parang meet the parents agad, etc. hahahaha
And we would always argue back na we have our own timeline.
It's good how we're sure of each other and how we're proud to have one another.

9
MEMORY NAME: Megan's Birthday 🎂
DATE: December 16, 2024
BODY: Yayyyy! I was so happy I got to celebrate my birthday with you. Your presence was such a wonderful gift kahit di talaga enjoy yung Tong Yang HAHAHAHA
We tried baking it was also a fail HAHAHAHA buti na lang puro discount mga napuntahan natin dahil sa celebrant.
But still, I've always enjoyed just being with you and it was such a good birthday. And your gift just really hit the spot. 🐉

10
MEMORY NAME: Disney on Ice ⛸️
DATE: December 21, 2024
BODY: This was such a wonderful and magical experience for me, and I know sayo rin. Alam kong isa 'to sa super ni-look forward natin. Kasi binili natin yung tickets as friends pero pumunta tayong mag-jowa HAHAHAH
After natin kumain sa Kimono Ken, tumaas na standard ko for Japanese cuisine HAHAHAHA
It was such a good Christmas 🎄 together. I know we're bound to have more fun dates like that.

11
MEMORY NAME: Ryan's Oathtaking 🧪
DATE: January 6, 2025
BODY: Yayyyy~ Very happy for you dito Dade. Your hardwork really paid off. I've witnessed how much you're worked hard for you to pass the board exam.
I am more than proud of you.
Second time meeting your parents as well, and first time giving you that wonderful bouquet 💐 na alam kong nagustuhan mo.
Sabi ko nga, I hope it sufficed for all the important occasions I missed in your life.

12
MEMORY NAME: Dinner with your Lola 👵🏻
DATE: January 21, 2025
BODY: Alam kong matagal niya na akong gusto mameet neto kaya pinagbigyan na natin HAHAHAHA
Nagulat talaga ako na nagpicture pa kami tapos eto yung nagdinner tayo at sinabi niya na maliit lang pamilya "natin" HAHAHAHA
I enjoyed our time with her and I hope we can go out ulit.

13
MEMORY NAME: Studio Self-shoot 📷
DATE: February 3, 2025
BODY: I was so happy we got to do this. Nanalo Mapua sa NCAA and UP sa UAAP kaya maganda yung shirts natin nung shoot! 2024 champions indeed HAHAHAHA
We got good pictures too. I'm glad na-enjoy natin yung short time doon. Alam kong mauulit pa, and someday soon I know we'll have someone else to take our pictures.

14
MEMORY NAME: The Script 2025 Concert 🎤 + Valentine's Dinner 💝
DATE: February 11, 2025
BODY: I can't thank you enough for showing up sa dinner na 'to. We planned this bago pa man maging tayo. And since you were busy non looking for a job, I would've understood if di tayo natuloy.
Thank God natuloy pa rin and I hope we get to watch a concert together soon. It still bothers me sometimes na kung kelan ako nagkajowa, dun ako di nakabili ng extra ticket.
Thankful pa rin ako. And sa naging short dinner Valentine's celebration natin.
Dade, I hope we get to celebrate Valentine's na talaga as a separate occasion next year. Para special siya. Alam kong we both feel a bit guilty for not showing up more, especially since it's our first Valentin's sana as a couple.
Bawi tayo sa atin next time.

14.5
MEMORY NAME: Quick dinner at Megamall 🍽️
DATE: February 21, 2025
BODY: First time mo ako sunduin sa work neto. Alam kong matagal mo na yun gustong gawin. Thank you for that Dade, and sa pagdaan natin sa church to whisper our prayers.
Pasensya na eto lang natirang picture sa phone ko hahahaha

15
MEMORY NAME: MOA Fireworks Show 🎆
DATE: March 8, 2025
BODY: Sobrang enjoy ko 'to. Kahit ang daming tao at nahirapan tayo makauwi, I'm thankful we had a good time.
Dito mo rin ako sinurprise nung dream Scrabble set ko. I'm so so so thankful, Dade. Thank you for making that night more special.
Eto rin first time mong makita ako na naka-contact lens hahahaha. Hilo hilo pa ako non.
Memorable 'to sakin at ang ganda talaga ng show.

16
MEMORY NAME: Museum Date 🖼️
DATE: March 10, 2025
BODY: I'm happy that we got to spend time together sa Nat'l Musuem of Fine Arts. Alam kong puro lakad tayo pero we both endured.
This is one of the first time na chill tayo nung morning and walang hinahabol, pahinga lang parehas.
Syempre, March 9, how can we forget. We had our first successful sex and a good game of Scrabble na natalo mo ako! HAHAHAHAHA Tapos swimming sa gabi na ginawa mo pa akong si Ruby Ramos haaaay~!
I just love moments like these with you.

17
MEMORY NAME: Binondo Date 🥡
DATE: March 24, 2025
BODY: It was my first time in Binondo and we had a good dinner and walk sa area. Pati na rin yung Eng Bee Tin HAHAHAHA
Okay namiss ko bigla yung Jasmine tea HAHAHAHA
Sana makabalik tayo soon. Want ko pang magtry ng iba pang kainan don, Dade.
(we had good sex din before going out 😉 eto na ata yung mga panahon na hinahanap-hanap ko na tite mo haaaayyyy)

18
MEMORY NAME: Genki Sushi 🍣 and Komiket 🎨
DATE: April 6, 2025
BODY: Yaaaaay, eto yung quick lunch lang sa Megamall at Komiket. Yung service fee na pamasahe talaga ng pagkain yung binayaran natin HAHAHAHA
Happy ako na you got to attend your first art con here with me.

19
MEMORY NAME: Calamba and Los Baños 🏫
DATE: April 25, 2025
BODY: First time natin mag-check in HAHAHAHA namiss mag-fuck. Eto yung triny natin yung massage oil and it was good hahahaha sensual massage na ulit tayo soon pleaseeee
Thank you for coming to Elbi with me. Means a lot. And we got a cute pic together kay Oble. Tapos nakilala mo na rin si Ate Ajay dito yaaaaayyyyy~!
To more south adventures.

20
MEMORY NAME: Big Bad Wolf sa Greenhills
DATE: June 1, 2025
BODY: Birthday celebration mo 'toooo. Happy ako to have celebrated it with you kahit papaano. Alam kong nagkatampuhan pa tayo neto pero we still showed up for each other.
Until now di ko pa rin nababasa mga binili natin dito. HAHAHAHA! Di bale, mababasa ko rin yan lahat.
Pasensya na yung di ko gaano napaghandaan yung birthday gift ko sayo neto. Dade, hirap talaga ako sa mga pagbigay ng regalo. Sana naappreciate mo pa rin kahit maliit lang yon.

21
MEMORY NAME: Sunday Date at ATC 💘
DATE: July 13, 2025
BODY: Happy to meet you half way. I enjoy Sundays like these na simple lang, walang hinahabol na ganap. 
I pray that one day, we don't have to plan these Sundays anymore, because it'll just be a regular weekend together.

22
MEMORY NAME: Fantastic 4 and Bubu Dudu 🐼🐻
DATE: August 3, 2025
BODY: Thanks for suggesting na we watch this movie!! I enjoyed it and that was relatively a good Marvel movie, especially since it's been a while since I watched one.
Thank you rin the for Bubu Dudu keychain dade. And of course, first time sa apartment neto so syempre di mawawala ang quickie hehehehe

23
MEMORY NAME: Demon Slayer: Infinity Castle 🦋 and Staycation 🥵
DATE: August 24, 2025
BODY: REALLY REALLY HAPPY that I got to watch Demon Slayer with you. Kahit di mo pa alam story and you decided to watch it right after we watched, I'm happy na may na-introduce na naman akong bagong entertainment.
Sana na-enjoy mo yung panonood ng Demon Slayer and I hope we watch the next movie together ulit.
And syempre di mawawala ang spicy time natin sa 🤫 HAHAHAHA I really had such a great time non. Thank you for that mini staycation Dade. Ituloy na natin yung Hotwheels movie hahahaha at sundan ulit natin ng ...

24
MEMORY NAME: MIBF 2025 📝
DATE: September 14, 2025
BODY: Before we know it, it's been an awesome year for both of us. It's our second MIBF together, we got our goods, our Chatime Demon Slayer cards, and we just made love the night before hehehehe
I love spending time and making love with you. Gusto ko ikaw lang lagi.


FINAL - special Page

Short message:

Hi Ryan Kyle,

I hope you enjoyed reading this mini blog site as much as I enjoyed making it.
This is what you get for having a girlfriend in tech HAHAHAHA!
You can't make me write handwritten letters but I'll definitely make this blog site for you.

Gusto ko lang sabihin na mahal na mahal kita. You are special to me and I can't exactly express it in words.
We have built such a good relationship na we maintain well, and I hope we get to keep it in good shape.
I know we'll be able to do that because we both want this for life.
 
Salamat sa lahat ng suporta na binibigay mo sakin. I am delighted and honored na suportahan ka rin palagi.
You make my life so much better. Thank you for loving me and thank you for allowing me to love you.

To more years with you.

Nagmamahal sayo,
Megan